README.md, before:

# Rolling Scopes School React Course 2024Q3

## [Task 1 - React project setup. Class components. Error boundary.](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/react/modules/tasks/class-components.md)

### How to start

1. Clone the repo - run command in CLI `git clone https://github.com/Intrstng/RS-React-Course-2024Q3.git`

2. Move to the root folder of the app - run command in CLI `cd RS-React-Course-2024Q3`

3. Install dependencies - run command in CLI `npm install`

4. Switch to the branch **class-components** - run in CLI `git checkout class-components`

5. Start the application - run command in CLI `npm run dev`

6. Start the application in browser by provided link in CLI

## Script commands

1. Start **esLint** to run code analysis and verification for compliance with established rules - run command in CLI `npm run lint`

2. Start **Prettier** to automatically format code - run command in CLI `npm run format:fix`

3. **Husky** is configured to automatically start **esLint** and **Prettier** during `pre-commit` Git-operations

Commit message:

docs: update how to start the app instructions in README.md

README.md, after:

# Rolling Scopes School React Course 2024Q3

## [Task 2 - React Routing. Tests.](https://github.com/rolling-scopes-school/tasks/blob/master/react/modules/tasks/routing.md)

### How to start

1. Clone the repo - run command in CLI `git clone https://github.com/Intrstng/RS-React-Course-2024Q3.git`

2. Move to the root folder of the app - run command in CLI `cd RS-React-Course-2024Q3`

3. Install dependencies - run command in CLI `npm install`

4. Switch to the branch **class-components** - run in CLI `git checkout hooks-and-routing`

5. Start the application - run command in CLI `npm run dev`

6. Start the application in browser by provided link in CLI

## Script commands

1. Start **esLint** to run code analysis and verification for compliance with established rules - run command in CLI `npm run lint`

2. Start **Prettier** to automatically format code - run command in CLI `npm run format:fix`

3. **Husky** is configured to automatically start **esLint** and **Prettier** during `pre-commit` Git-operations

4. **Husky** is configured to automatically run tests on the pre-push hook, ensuring that tests are automatically executed before any code is pushed.

5. To start **testing** - run command in CLI `npm run test`

6. To start **testing with coverage report** - run command in CLI `npm run test:coverage`
